multi-sig for governance commands (#538)
input-output-hk/partner-chains: docs/user-guides/governance/governance.md

	--genesis-utxo <GENESIS_UTXO> \
	--ogmios-url <OGMIOS_URL> \
	--payment-key-file <PAYMENT_KEY_FILE> \

> 	--old-governance-authority <OLD_GOVERNANCE_AUTHORITY> \

Reviewer: I have a fundamental question: do we need this?

I think the answer is "no". What is more, we add a burden on user, to give us this value properly. This opens new error paths.

Aren't we able get it from the on-chain data? I'm wondering about extending `scripts-data` with optional output of the current multisig or adding a command for getting on chain. Such addition would not be required but could help users.

Reviewer: A least the parameter name is wrong. Because it is not old/current governance authorities but expected required signers (sorry, going to use technical name, because I can't find a good domain name for it).

Reviewer: What about this? I argue it's not required - see #585

	--new-governance-authority <NEW_GOVERNANCE_AUTHORITY> \
	--new-governance-threshold <NEW_GOVERNANCE_THRESHOLD>
```

* `<GENESIS_UTXO>`: The genesis UTXO of the Partner Chain. Same as the one used for `governance init`.
* `<OGMIOS_URL>`: The URL of the Ogmios service connected to the Cardano node, it is optional and defaults to `ws://localhost:1337`.
* `<PAYMENT_KEY_FILE>`: Cardano Shelley Payment Signing Key file (normal or extended) of the current governance authority (ie. hash of its public key should equal current governance authority hey hash).
* `<NEW_GOVERNANCE_AUTHORITY>`: List of hex encoded blake2b-224 hashes of public keys related to private keys that will be required to sign governance operations following this operation. Multiple keys can be provided, separated by spaces.
* `<NEW_GOVERNANCE_THRESHOLD>`: Number of keys required to sign a transaction.

> * `<OLD_GOVERNANCE_AUTHORITY>`: List of hex encoded blake2b-224 hashes of public keys related to private keys that will be required to sign governance operations before and includingthis operation. Multiple keys can be provided, separated by spaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `<OLD_GOVERNANCE_AUTHORITY>`: List of hex encoded blake2b-224 hashes of public keys related to private keys that will be required to sign governance operations before and including this operation. Multiple keys can be provided, separated by spaces.
```
